How important is it for you to have a large social media following and or a lot of likes/views on your social media account?
A large social media following is not important for me, because I don't really care about social media. I only use social media as another way to communicate and share with friends, and to make other friends, and I don't want users to like me so much, because it can be nerve wrecking. Hhaving to keep users entetained, so you don't lose followers and continue to being popular and continue gorwing is very stressful.

Have you ever purchased somthing becuase you saw it on social media? If yes, what was it and why did you purhcase it?
I have purchased many thigns because of social media, but one thing I plan on buying is the Airpods max, because I have seen so many users with it and it looks aesthetically pleasing to have. I have heard many greata things about it and many people I follow have a pair, so that makes me want to have a pair of those Airpods. It would be nice to be just like them and own a pair, and that could motiviate me to do things, because it feels like im in their persepctive.

In your own words, what are some of the best things about social media for you?
The best things about social media for me is able to share things with many of my firends, like posting on my story and playing different games on social media. Me being able to share the christmas gifts I gotten, so I can have a sared feeling with many of my friends or play a game to spend more time with a person I can't see irl. Social media has helped me make many friends all over the worlds, we share so many of the same interest and I can talk with people who are basically like me and enjoy spending time with them without having to be with them physically.

In your own words, what are some of the worst things about soical media for you?
Worst things on social media for me is comign across very innapropiate things that I did not want to come acorss, a lot of things can cause this to happens and accidentally too and I do not want to see contect I am not interested in. I hate how I can be on social media for hours doign absolutely nothing, I want to do many things outside of social media, but I have nothing to do so I just go on social media for hours. I procsinate on social media for hours and hpours without feeling the need to do anything, but scroll on social media I want to be more active and not be on social media 24/7.

What social media app do you spend the most time on? Why do prefer using this app over others?
I spend the most time on instagram and youtube, because youtube thousands and thousands of videos across its platform and I could keep myself entertained watching those videos. Instagram is a platform I use often to show things to my friends, share a lot of things that hppened in my life or post funny/interesting things I found. These apps helped me be entertained for hours, and I prefer these over other apps. Because I just find this most interesting than any other app, apps don't feel the same and/or don't have the same functions as youtube and instagram.

How long could you go without using your phone or social media? What would you do with your time without your phone?
I could probaby go at least a week or two without my phone ,and I could go at least a month or maybe many years without social media, because I really want to better myself and actually be more active in the outside world instead of staying in my hosue staying on social media. If I didn't have my phone or social media, I would definitely go to the gym more, interact with neighbours outside my house and seeing what their lives are like. I would learn how to skate too, I always wanted to go to a skate park and skate around showing off cool tricks and flips to inspire people and to teach others that want to skate. I would go out helping others, because I want to make peoples lives more happy by the simpilies things and make their lives more interesting and not have a boring life like I did. I really want to inspire people to have motivations, to reach their goals and go to beyond and above peoples expectations and their own expectations, so they can also inspire others and people can all be happy with things they love to do.